this lively like salad is a nice balance
for fall
have your fan
well
this orange and fig salad is a mix of so
many great flavors and textures
from the bright citrus dressing to this
week pigs
this is not your typical side salad the
foundation for this alan is a great mix
of greens
me about 6 cups a baby greens in the
store you'll find that
as a mixture and I live in a room Glover
GTO first day all really great flavors
you can also use mixed greens as well
and
you add to that some thinly sliced green
onions
and just talk back together now
oranges are doing a lot of work in the
salad you're going to use the best
juice and orange sections to get a lot
of bang for your buck
so let's start with nesting orange you
wanna make sure you get
Jess the flavorful Orange Park not here
but like him
okay then you are going to
section you're orange let's start by
cutting off the end
I love the orange
dude that will give you a nice stable
working surface
then we're gonna do is run United
along orange cutting off
0 all a bill white hearts you're down to
the beautiful
orange you want
you do that all the way around the
entire orange
once you have all the pics removed you
can start sectioning
now to section orange whatcha gonna do
is hold your hand over one of the ball
and run your night all right along that
white membrane have the orange
on full side and let any juices drainage
this first ball
then just pop it right out and your
second ball
and do that all the way around the
entire orange this is great because you
can get to
hearts in your recipe and one technique
distressing is nice and light
and let me when you find yourself making
a lot now we already have
are Jews from the orange too bad have
been added
olive oil the white wine or champagne
vinegar
and disaster orange
so much flavor and that just
with altogether
can just for that over the next green 0
and toss to coat
the final additions to the salad really
are stars here
good use some dried callum Uniphase
and here I've already cut them into
wedges put that right miss Allen
then of course you have your orange
sections
AT&T Altaf that up and miss he did it
with the little bit
ships all and some freshly ground black
pepper
it
K give that a nice stir
okay then all played this up making sure
everyone gets a nice
serving a pic oranges making shenanigans
big like all those waivers in there then
finish off your salad with some chopped
pecans
now that is a salad I could lead to the
Mio